DOC-3163: Exception when pressing tab in the last cell of a non-editable table. (#3653)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.7.2-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Exception occurs when pressing `tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table
// #TINY-11797

> Previously in {productname}, an issue was identified where pressing `Tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table attempted to insert a new row and move the selection to it. This behavior resulted in an infinite loop. Additionally, if `Tab` was pressed in an editable cell and the next cell was a content-editable false (`CEF`) cell, the focus would skip the `CEF` cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously in {productname}, an issue was identified where pressing `Tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table attempted to insert a new row and move the selection to it. This behavior resulted in an infinite loop. Additionally, if `Tab` was pressed in an editable cell and the next cell was a `contentEditable="false"` (`CEF`) cell, the focus would skip the `CEF` cell.
```

> Previously in {productname}, an issue was identified where pressing `Tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table attempted to insert a new row and move the selection to it. This behavior resulted in an infinite loop. Additionally, if `Tab` was pressed in an editable cell and the next cell was a `contentEditable="false"` (`CEF`) cell, the focus would skip the `CEF` cell.

Reviewer 2: ```
Additionally, if `Tab` was pressed in an editable cell and the next cell was a `contentEditable="false"` (`CEF`) cell, the focus would skip the `CEF` cell.
```
It's not exactly right. Here's how I described it in my PR:

```
If you press tab in editable cell, and the next cell is cef, but has editable descendant, then move cursor to that descendant.
```

So I think we could rephrase it to:
```
Additionally, if `Tab` was pressed in an editable cell and the next cell was a `contentEditable="false"` (`CEF`) cell, with `contenteditable="true"` element inside, the focus would skip the `CEF` cell.
```

This issue also triggered error messages when pressing `Tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table, negatively impacting page performance.

{productname} {release-version} resolves this issue by refining the tab navigation behavior:

* Pressing `Tab` in the last cell of a non-editable table now has no effect.

> * When `Tab` is pressed in an editable cell, and the next cell is a `CEF` cell, the cursor remains in the editable cell.

Reviewer 2: ```
When `Tab` is pressed in an editable cell, and the next cell is a `CEF` cell with editable element inside, the cursor is moved to editable element within the CEF cell.
```

> * When `Tab` is pressed in an editable cell, and the next cell is a `CEF` cell, the cursor remains in the editable cell.

Author: ```suggestion
* When `Tab` is pressed in an editable cell, and the next cell is a `CEF` cell with editable element inside, the cursor is moved to editable element within the CEF cell.
```
